[Music]
so I've actually gotten a few hours I
have like a negotiation class as well as
a leadership class but I think today I
just to the airport please
[Music]
if you haven't guessed it already today
we're doing a travel vlog I'm traveling
to South Korea for the first time in
like six years or so I just took
calculations and the total travel time
for this trip is around 20 hours
straight so that's gonna be fun but this
trip starts here in Nashville and then
right now I'm headed over to Atlanta and
then in Atlanta I'll be taking a flight
over to South Korea so if everything
goes well by the end of this video I
should end up in Korea
[Music]
all right so I'm in Atlanta now I'm at
the airport and I've got two hours
before my flight to kill some time I
thought I'd do an airport Q&A so I asked
you guys to ask me some questions and
we're gonna try to get through as many
as possible I so first question that
everyone is asking is why are you going
to Korea I don't even know if you guys
know that I have a sister I have two
older sisters actually both are out of
school they've got jobs they're living
their lives and the oldest sister is now
getting married my parents and my
sisters both live in the States but my
grandparents and my relatives and all of
my extended family lives in South Korea
and so my sister just decided to hold
the wedding there like I said earlier in
this video I haven't been to Korea in
like six years so it's kind of exciting
that I'm going back I used to go every
single summer until like high school and
then I started doing SAT prep or like
random things during the summer to boost
my resume so I haven't been in Korea in
a really long time
another question that a lot of people
are asking is how are you so confident
vlogging in front of people so it's not
like I was really good at vlogging from
the beginning I feel like that's really
unnatural to just hold a camera in front
of you and talking to the lens but if
you look at some of the earliest videos
that I posted versus the videos I post
now I think I've gotten pretty
comfortable with talking to the camera
and it's only because I practiced a ton
a huge tip that I always talk about is
if you're trying to get used to talking
to a camera try talking to this one the
one on your phone and just try to like
talk to this camera record something and
then maybe like put it on your Instagram
story or something and that'll put you
outside of your comfort zone but it's
also good practice to talk to a camera
also I definitely have to clarify this I
am Korean I get that I'm Chinese a lot
oh yeah I get a lot of things but yes I
am Korean speaking of Korean someone
asked how fluent are you in Korean so I
actually grew up speaking Korean I mean
like not as my first language but I
spoke Korean with my parents and I still
speak Korean with my parents
today I would definitely say I'm fluent
but some of the vocab like really hard
boat cab I don't know and like I guess
lingo or slaying in Korea I wouldn't
really know I'm a little bit insecure
about my Korean because I don't usually
speak it with friends and I have like an
accent and I don't get to practice it a
lot but recently I've been trying to
practice it more with my friends at
college yeah you'll probably hear me
speak Korean when I'm in Korea someone
asks how do you stay consistent with
upload so if you've been following the
channel since the very beginning when I
started around like nine months ago
you'll know that I have always posted at
least once a week for the past nine
months I think the longest break that I
took was like a week and a half and that
felt terrible to me right now I'm
pushing for like three videos a week and
it is a lot to balance you know
especially when filming takes the entire
day and from beginning to end when I
start my edit until I finish it probably
takes me a minimum of 8 hours for sure
it takes me at least 6 but it usually
takes me a minimum of 8 hours so doing
that three times a week yeah it's a lot
of time but the reason I'm really
motivated to be consistent with my
uploads is because honestly this is my
dream like making videos and being
creative is my dream and I want to be
able to do it full-time as of right now
I'm in a really like insecure area of my
life where I have you know I want to
call it insecure I would just say like I
have a lot of options and I have many
different paths that I can take and it's
a bit overwhelming just because like I
know I can be successful in a number of
different areas but it's like up to me
which path I actually want to choose
straight up like I don't really know
what I'm doing with my life and I feel
like a lot of people at college go
through that and they go through a
discovery phase trying to figure out
what they actually want to do so yeah as
of right now I'm just like tasting a lot
of different things but this is my dream
like I would love to make videos
full-time I would love to be creative
full-time it's scary as hell like
nothing is ever for certain but it is my
dream and I'm willing to put in the work
to get there so the reason I sacrifice
so many things to make these videos is
just because I know I have an
opportunity here I know I have a chance
to live like my dream life and not
everyone gets that chance at
so so the fact that I have that
opportunity I'm just grateful for it and
I don't want to regret not working hard
enough during this time so when I have
this opportunity I'm gonna work my ass
off and honestly I'm really proud of
myself like I have been working super
hard I have a few things on my plate
right now I have school
first of all I've classes homework tests
I'm also going to Korea for a week so
that kind of screws up all my stuff and
I have to make up all these things I'm
going through recruitment for a summer
internship I'm recruiting for my
business fraternity trying to get people
to join I've also made it a goal this
semester to prioritize working out and
staying healthy and then finally I have
YouTube you know filming and editing so
it's a lot to handle but at the end of
the day I feel like I've practiced a lot
of my time management where I know that
if I do X amount during a day then I can
achieve X amount during the week and
then therefore achieve X amount during a
month a year etc so I feel confident
about my ability to do everything it's
just like how do I manage my time so I
can get everything done someone asks
will you study abroad so I do want to
study abroad next semester that's my
spring semester of junior year and I've
been looking at a number of places
actually I missed the deadline yesterday
for Tokyo I really wanted to go to Japan
but the timeline for it
leaks into the summer and then therefore
I wouldn't be able to do a summer
internship if I went there so I decided
not to apply for it so right now I think
I'm aiming towards Europe I really
wanted to go to Asia but none of the
programs really give me credit for what
I need so I'm looking at like Barcelona
and Italy as my top choices but if you
have any recommendations let me know
because like I'm totally struggling with
where I want to study abroad all right
this was airport Q&A with Elliot thanks
for tuning in
this airplane is huge I'm only on
domestic place usually and I haven't
been to Korea in six years so I've been
seen a plane like this and so long but
that'll be my home for the next 14 hours
guys I'm not feeling too well right now
so I just chucked this orange juice and
I just got naked and this has a lot of
vitamin C if I'm hoping this will help a
little bit but yeah I just really hope I
don't get sick on this plane ride plane
ride flight flight plane ride guys I'm
feel delusional I don't think I'm gonna
be vlogging on the plane because I feel
like that would be really awkward and
even that's too much to handle for me so
I'm gonna bring out the GoPro that I
have in my backpack and then I'll record
some of the stuff that I'm doing but I'm
really just gonna be editing sleeping
eating doing some homework and studying
so I'll record some of it with my GoPro
but likely I'm just gonna be trying to
stay alive so this huge camera is going
in the backpack
there's so many people in line for this
flight it's crazy in every day I'm
feeling them fakes they don't anything
yay
DPR we gain gay DPR we gain gay DPR we
gain gain deep here
[Applause]
[Music]
till I saw the negamatter chair I'm
gonna be a legend he's just watching say
it didn't in my moment egg and tinnitus
in the denied you take give me than
another no go come up yeah everybody to
politic not tell us to be Oh late night
when the Bubba don't alright we landed
it in Korea I remember when I lost came
here there was like a swine flu outbreak
and then they would just monitor
everyone that was going through the
store but there's none of that anymore
so let me go find my luggage
and then go meet my family
[Music]
oh my luggage hi hi Ellie
I know I'm in Korea because every single
car is either Kia or a Hyundai I just
noticed that all the cars in Korea are
either white or black look at that
they're all white or black or gray or
some kind of like grayscale tone you
just drove back from the airport we
haven't even gotten home yet and we're
headed to the mall because again I'm
buying a suit for tomorrow and I'm only
with my dad right now but we're meeting
the rest of my family
[Music]
all right so I'm terrible at vlogging so
I totally forgot to vlog last night but
I got home and I just passed out so it's
not that you're interrupting me so now
I'm in Korea you can tell the apartments
and this is my grandparents like
apartment complex and yeah we're gonna
be vlogging here in Korea so I hope you
guys enjoyed this travel vlog and I'll
catch you guys in
[Music]